computer how do I put the Joker in
Arkham Asylum quickest route no freeways
computer do you hear me hello I have
just taken away your computer privileges
yes sir it's time for you to stop this
unhealthy behavior you can't spend the
rest of your life alone
dressed in black can stay up all night
good night Alfred sir it's morning you
need to take responsibility for your
life and it starts by raising your son
I'm sorry I literally have no idea what
you're talking about
the young orphan you adopted at the gala
I thought I was being sarcastic
hello secret
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh your time
right whoa wait
just Batman live in Bruce Wayne's
basement know Bruce Wayne lives in
Batman's attic don't touch that
the mario.c what is culturally
insensitive knight Teron when we think
of it glam bat this will absolutely not
wait what's that one there I love it
my only trouble is these pants are just
a little tight I got an idea it's better
now I'm free now I'm moving come on
Batman let's get grooving I can only
look you in the ice right now are you
ready to follow Batman and maybe learn a
few life lessons along the way I sure AM
but first where's the seat belt the
first lesson is life does it give you
seat belt
yeah I do
alfrid I have incredible reflexes Oh
oh my goodness I am so sorry soon as I
get back to the Batcave I will make sure
that Alfred puts seatbelts on there but
for the time being I'm just gonna put my
arm right here and we're just gonna
gently he's out of here oh gentle like
yeah
you